alright geeks review 24 coming at you
for like ID review Kobe tens or did
these about a month ago supposed to come
in thursday two days ago they came in
friday a day late not to worry hopefully
they got everything on point though
alright so let's get started these are
the Gobi 10 IDs start them off this
right here this mash it's like a light
red go to push initials right here white
lace pink silver white and silver black
turn gold Kobe logo go to us back Gold
Kobe logo again knit so it's a fade from
black to a white red traction that good
traction sand with other shoe they
actually did mess up on this so pretty
happy about that it's exactly how I
wanted to come out on the
inside the time as this this kind of
pattern you get to choose it as whatever
I wanted on it it's about it these are
my coby tens ID'd hit you guys up a full
performance how they are yeah it's about
it thanks for watching kicks review 24
out like subscribe share all right